---
title: Blocky Games 28-2-18
layout: post
author: monty.sanders
permalink: /blocky-games-28-2-18/
source-id: 1ooaexiSXAu2QFknEq8sozj-52Go0324Hio3Vcc8jbXU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blocky games</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/2/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To Play the first level of the maze on Blocky Games.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as possible on the maze, and maybe even get on to the turtle section.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes as I got to the final level of the maze, however I was not able to complete it, as it was very challenging.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to persevere, when I was trying to complete each level. I really had to persevere, because ion most of the levels, I didn't get it correct first time, so I had try again to get it right.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I had to question myself, when I was thinking what code to use.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Independence was important, when I was working on my own, choosing the right code for each level. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>On some of the levels, I had to reflect, when if I failed a level, I had to look back at what I’d already done, and improve it to get to the next level with no mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I really had to engage, when doing the code, as if I made one small mistake, then the whole level won’t work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I would’ve prefered it, if I got onto the turtle section, however I am happy that I completed most of the maze section.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could try and look at mistakes I made, and then worked on that to get success on more of the levels.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


